# Arter

## Installation Instructions

Install Node

npm install -g jade vogue coffee-script watchr tplcpl uglify-js nodewatch

If you ever get a 'module not found' error, just run npm install -g <module_name>

install the CLI utility watch (http://sveinbjorn.org/watch_macosx). We use it run the jade compilation every 2 seconds since there is no watcher available.

## Developing
To run the local server, just run ./runServer
Then, simply run ./watchFiles in a terminal, and all source files will be compiled as you save them!
./stop is a handy helper script to kill all started process (Warning: its the jankiest of the janky, could very well be killing random process on your system, although it works fine on mine. Feel free to improve)

## Project filetree
src has all of our src code. Its split up into js (coffeescript), css (less), and views (jade).  
|-src  
|---css  
|---js  
|-----models
|-----views  
|---views  
|-----templates  

Docs are generated by Docco  
|-docs  

Static has all our compiled src and external libraries/assets.   

* Coffeescript -> js
* Less -> css
* 3rd party libraries and plugins in js/libs js/plugins
* Jade -> HTML+Underscore templates in templates. Then we compile the Underscore templates into js/templates.js

|-static  
|---css  
|---js  
|-----libs  
|-----plugins  
|---views  
|-----templates  

### Watching/Compiling Explanation
When developing, you'll need to run a script to instantly watch and compile all src files (as they're changed) since we're using Coffeescript, Less, and Jade. Everything takes place in the script ./watchFiles

* **Coffeescript**

    We compile all coffeescript from src/js/ into static/js.

* **Less**

    Less is compiled into static/css/

* **Jade/Underscore**

    Our Jade has js/underscore templates in it. Jade is first compiled into Html+underscore. Cs and Less both have watch commands, but jade doesn't. So, compiling Jade happens in Cakefile jade:compile.

    Underscore templates are also compiled in the Cakefile. First, we rename all .html extensions to .us. Then, we use tplcpl to compile all underscore templates into statis/js/templates.js

* **Live Stylesheets Injection**

    We're also trying to use Vogue to automatically inject stylesheets as they're changed into the browser. This works when you change the CSS directly, but inconsistently when the CSS is over-written by our compiled tool (its weird...). Theres an issue filed for it here https://github.com/joyent/node/issues/1986, since Vogue uses fs.watch.

    An alternative would be to try and switch to https://github.com/viatropos/design.io

    If you want to try it, just run 'vogue' from the top level dir and either add this script to index.html "http://localhost:8001/vogue-client.js", or copy this into a bookmarklet and run it:
    javascript:(function()%7Bif%20(typeof%20window.__vogue__!=='undefined')%20return;window.__vogue__%20=%20%7BrootUrl:'http://localhost:8001/',domain:'localhost',port:8001%7D;var%20s%20=%20document.createElement('script');s.setAttribute('src',%20'http://localhost:8001/vogue-client.js');s.setAttribute('type',%20'text/javascript');document.getElementsByTagName('head')%5B0%5D.appendChild(s);%7D)()

* Installing Docco (Optional, generates documentation)

    npm install -g docco
    easy_install Pygments

Then run docco src/js/*.coffee which will generate docs into docs/

# Project Structure
index.html is our main file. We are using requirejs, so all we need to do is include that and then include our requirejs config file
